so people Well, I plan to still
start the passage of gta5 and start
right now I wanted to make sure but he
became all things but as you know I
whale problems with sleep and lies so I dick
he knows that I don’t know fucking 5
hours maximum I can sit in the afternoon and
16 hours fucking sleep on Ernidi so
so I just physically can't
make an announcement fucking shorter well
do you know why the fuck
forces as long as possible
you are welcome of course right now
I have a shorter game now
start at the very beginning there is not there
This type of start a new game there is old
straight immediately begins straight robbery
jar there it all meant shorter yes
I will wait there I do not know how many people
20-30 you can 40 here and so we
there will be no shorter start
Preliminary announcement on the course
good would have to do but Bulbash
straight so everything will be recorded all
will be on youtube shorter on dick about what
give the boys come on justin tevez
only the best mom link will be in the description
under this video means who wants
directly participate on this
an event who wants a whale there
his comments there went on youtube there
so on there all the deeds are welcome in
In general, well, in general, it is initially possible not
of course we will immediately write down the series to
to get shorter but here is this bathroom script
go through then later maybe I will
write reviews for this game that is to say well,
because immediately review can not write something
there is already a plot
so I think the first series because well means
Now under the summer play and then we will be
do reviews directly from the game
All this of course for the sake of views for the sake of
PR dina city ​​of dollars and this is not
hiding because not this game is not
like you understand why
views will only make shorter
work on the public good fucking gonna
play on so do we go good
justin tivi heard cubism monk it
will be on the course top fucking block fuck
Top reviews in general, I will show all my
finds skill level masters fuck hundred
percent ypta for